docs: Docs fix links (#17196)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton: docs/docs/development/localization.md

#### Administrators can pull specific languages their Transifex account is associated with

> Since BigBlueButton 2.2 the script used for pulling the locales is located in the `bigbluebutton-html5` directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up to BigBlueButton 2.5 the script used for pulling the locales is located in the `bigbluebutton-html5` directory
```

> https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/blob/develop/bigbluebutton-html5/transifex.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/blob/v2.5.x-release/bigbluebutton-html5/transifex.sh
```

Starting with version 2.6, BigBlueButton integrates directly with Transifex, and pull requests are automatically received whenever a local reaches 100% translation completion on Transifex.
